Add documentation for Faiss byte vector (#8170)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/knn-index.md

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Byte vectors

> Starting with k-NN plugin version 2.17, you can use `byte` vectors with the `faiss` and `lucene` engine to reduce the amount of memory and storage space needed. For more information, see [Byte vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-vector#byte-vectors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with k-NN plugin version 2.17, you can use `byte` vectors with the `faiss` and `lucene` engines to reduce the amount of required memory and storage space. For more information, see [Byte vectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/knn-vector#byte-vectors).
```
